docs: Added open source contributions to readme (#225)
centre-for-humanities-computing/danish-foundation-models: docs/index.md

![](_static/structure.png)

### Contributions

Besides our [models](https://www.foundationmodels.dk/models/). The Danish Foundation models project have led to contributions for a series of open-source projects, the following table include some of these contributions:

| Project                                                                                                                | Contribution                                                  |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Packages**                                                                                                           |                                                               |

> | [NLPDedup](https://github.com/saattrupdan/NLPDedup)                                                                    | A deduplication library derived from DFM's deduplication code |

Reviewer: Wouldn't ScandEval make sense here? It literally started since we were training encoder models in DFM and needed a way to evaluate them.

Author: I would say so - will also add SEB (essentially I want it to be very clear that DFM also produce a series of other positive downstream effects)

| **Code contributions**                                                                                                 |                                                               |
| [TextDescriptives](https://hlasse.github.io/TextDescriptives/)                                                         | Added heuristic quality measure for texts                     |

> | [dolma](https://github.com/allenai/dolma)                                                                              | Bugfixes and addition of taggers for filtering                |

Reviewer: @rlrs You could add your contribution to `transformers` here, significantly improving their Rust tokeniser speed.

Author: @rlrs if you have a reference I would love it add it

| **Datasets**                                                                                                           |                                                               |

> | [dagw_reddit_filtered_v1.0.0](https://huggingface.co/datasets/DDSC/dagw_reddit_filtered_v1.0.0)                        | A filtered version of the Danish Gigaword, including reddit   |

Reviewer: Add the machine translated multiple choice datasets?

1. https://huggingface.co/datasets/alexandrainst/m_arc
2. https://huggingface.co/datasets/alexandrainst/m_mmlu
3. https://huggingface.co/datasets/alexandrainst/m_hellaswag
4. https://huggingface.co/datasets/alexandrainst/m_truthfulqa

Author: Yep, def. add these as well

| [TextDescriptives](https://hlasse.github.io/TextDescriptives/)                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Added heuristic quality measure for texts                                                           |
| [dolma](https://github.com/allenai/dolma)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Bugfixes and addition of taggers for filtering                                                      |
| **Benchmarks**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |                                                                                                     |

> | [ScandEval](https://scandeval.com)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | Co-contributors have significant contributions to developing scandinavian benchmark for NLG and NLU |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [ScandEval](https://scandeval.com)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | Co-contributors have significant contributions to developing NLU and NLG benchmarks for Scandinavian and Germanic languages |
```
